---
layout: post 
title: Finally!  It's a blog!
---

So I finally took it upon myself to set up Github Pages and a jekyll blog.  So far so good, the only thing I don't like is that I have to do the templates in HTML.  I've been spoiled by haml the last year. It's just so clean!  Anyway, this is still pretty bare bones right now, and I am using "Tom Preston-Warners":http://tom.preston-werner.com/ layout (but slightly modified).

Much has changed in the last year.  I quit working at Griffin, went free lance, started a "new media business":http://monstercolony.com with my one of my closest friends Sarah Deane.  The most recent change in my life is my new job!  I got hired at the end of December by "Taigan(via WSquared)":http://taigan.com to be a developer on their ecommerce site.  This is a great opportunity.  Right now I am training with the one and only "hashrocket":http://hashrocket.com and having a blast doing it!  Paring with my new friend Les Hill, has been a great experience.  Learning a lot more about git, rspec, agile practice, and rails in general.  I am also realizing that I am a better developer than I give myself credit for.

So far my favorite new tool is "tracker":http://pivitoltracker.com.  I have used Pivital Tracker in the past, but I never really used it the way it was mean to be used.  Given that up until now I have only done projects on my own, it makes it a little difficult to use correctly.

At any rate, I am really excited to be working in a new environment with people that understand that using best practices is important.  I can't wait to see what this year has to come!  

Until next time,

Levi Cole
